Abdul Rehman M. Nasir
Pakistani Citizen | mabdulrehman951@gmail.com | LinkedIn: Abdulrehman Nasir | GitHub: abdulrehmann231

EDUCATION
A levels
Computer Science
o Related Coursework: Data Structures & Algorithms, Object-Oriented Programming.

Pakistan Karachi
Completed, 2023

FAST NUCES
Pakistan Karachi
B.S. in Computer Science
Expected Graduation, 2027
o CGPA: 3.58/4.00,
o
Related Coursework: Programming, Fundamentals, Object-Oriented Programming, and Data-Structures.
Certifications:
 Full Stack web development: NodeJS, ExpressJS, Rest APIS , SQL databases, PassportJS.

SKILLS
Languages: JavaScript, C#, Java, C++, C.
Frameworks: NodeJS, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NextJS, Dot Net Framework, SpringBoot.
Libraries: Bootstrap, Tailwind, PassportJS.
Tools: Git, GitHub.

EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer
Gitwit
 Developing and maintaining GitHub integrations to enable seamless AI-driven code
modifications in repositories.
 Designing and optimizing E2B templates to automate workflows and improve
developer productivity.
 Collaborating on AI-powered developer tools, connecting natural language prompts
with real-world coding tasks.

Remote
Jun 2025 – Ongoing

Full-Stack Developer
Softject
● Responsible for creating Responsive frontends using ReactJs with Tailwind.
● Worked with REST APIs and NodeJS + ExpressJS for backend.

Onsite
Jan 2025 – Ongoing

Full-Stack Developer
Head-starter AI
● Developed Full Stack Projects using NextJS and Firebase.
● Integrated different AI models in websites.
● Implemented RAG techniques using langchain and different AI models.

Remote
July 2024 – Sept 2024

Remote
C# .net Developer
Sept 2022 – Aug 2023
Fiverr.com
● Created Desktop Application / Windows Form Application using C# .net
● Implemented OOP and integrated databases such as Access, MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server.
Backend Intern
Central Depository Company of Pakistan
● Developing REST-APIS and Micro - Services using Spring-boot.

Onsite
July 2024 – Sept 2024

●

Implemented SQL databases and JWT auth.

PROJECTS
Eeko-AI
● Nextjs AI based website based on NASA agricultural data.
● LLaMA 3.2(1.1 billion parameters) for insect and diseases detection.
● YOLO v5 for weed detection
● Accessible tech to reduce crop issues.
● Used FAST API to integrate YOLO model into our website.
Eevi
●
●
●
●

Oct 2024

July 2024
Created a centralized web app designed to provides users a streamlined experience to effortlessly discover and
manage events and meetings for HeadStarter AI fellowship.
Developed with a focus on individuals who want to keep track of their events and meetings.
Deployed on vercel and used Azure deployment for database.
Used NodeJS, ExpressJS, ReactJS and PostgreSQL.

Summarize-AI
 Developed an AI based web app that allows users to get summary of a pdf or a website.
 Implemented RAG technique that allowed users to ask questions related to their content using chatbot.
 Implemented Web scraping and pdf parsing to get data from websites.
 Used NextJs, Firebase.

Oct 2024

HearMe-AI
 Developed an Desktop application using Java script electron.
 Allows recording of audios and uploading of audios.
 Transcribes the audio and provides an summary of the audio for the user.
 Can be used to summarize meeting and long converstaions.
 Used NextJs, Firebase, Groq API.

Nov 2024

MicroServices
 Developed multiple microservices using SpringBoot.
 Integrated microservices with each other using Eureka Service Registry.
 Integrated MySQL to store data about the microservices.

Nov 2024

Pantry Tracker App
 Developed an AI based web app that allows users to keep track of their pantry items.
 Trained an AI model using kaggle dataset that identifies the product and add it to the pantry.
 Performed CRUD opeartions on the pantry items.
 Used NextJs, Firebase, Tensorflow.

Nov 2024

Real Time Chat Application
 Implemented a real time chat system that allows users for text messages and voice messages.
 Used Nodejs, ExpressJS for backend and Web sockets for real time updates.
 EJS templates were used for frontend.
 PostgreSQl for Database.

Dec 2023

